Add pages related to Sign-up mode Restricted (#1562)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/authentication/configuration/sign-up-modes.mdx

---
title: Sign-up modes
Description: Learn how to configure and manage user access through sign-up modes in your application.
---

Clerk supports multiple sign-up modes, giving you flexibility in managing user access to your application.

> To configure sign-up modes, navigate to **Configure → User & Authentication → Sign-up Modes**, where you can choose between the available options.
> 
> - **[Public](#public)**: Open to all users, allowing anyone to sign up.
> - **[Restricted](#restricted)**: Access is controlled by invitations or manual user creation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure sign-up modes:

1. Navigate to the [Clerk Dashboard](https://dashboard.clerkstage.dev/last-active?path=user-authentication/restrictions).
1. In the top navigation, select **Configure**. Then, in the sidebar, select **Restrictions**. 
1. Under the **Sign-up modes** section, you can enable one of the following options: 
    - **[Public](#public)**
    - **[Restricted](#restricted)**
```

## Public

> In Public mode, the sign-up process is open to anyone. This mode is ideal for applications that want broad user access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In **Public** mode, the sign-up process is open to anyone. This mode is ideal for applications that want broad user access.
```

## Restricted

> In Restricted mode, the user access is controlled by the application admin(s). Users can be added to the application through [invitations](/docs/users/invitations), [manual creation](/docs/users/creating-users), or the [Backend API](/docs/reference/backend-api/tag/Users#operation/CreateUser). This mode is ideal for applications that are in private beta or internal tools.
> 
> Additional features available in Restricted mode:
> 
> - The `<SignIn />` component will keep the prompt to sign up hidden by default. This is to avoid confusion for users who don't have access.
> 
> - The `<SignUp />` is accessible only to users who have been invited and have a valid invitation link. Users who don't have access will see a message indicating that they need an invitation to sign up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In **Restricted** mode, user access is controlled by the application admin(s). Users can be added to the application through [invitations](/docs/users/invitations) or [manual user creation](/docs/users/create-users). This mode is ideal for applications that are in private beta or internal tools.

Additional features available in **Restricted** mode:

- The [`<SignIn />`](/docs/components/authentication/sign-in) component will keep the prompt to sign up hidden by default. This is to avoid confusion for users who don't have access.

- The [`<SignUp />`](/docs/components/authentication/sign-up) is accessible only to users who have been invited and have a valid invitation link. Users who don't have access will see a message indicating that they need an invitation to sign up.
```
